Remove positional tuples (#136)
candy-lang/candy: language/language.md

  where <ValueConstraints> {}
```

> The behavior of struct type arguments is the same as that of function calls.

Reviewer: This talks about type arguments on function calls, not about tuple types

```suggestion
The behavior of named/positional type arguments is the same as that of function calls.
```
